Add links to data model index page (#765)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/overview/data-model-flexibility/index.md

2017-01-01 01:03:42 | ghi789 | 100 | 100MB | 56 |  77 | roof

> Now, let's look at various ways to model this data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can look at various ways to model this data:
```
